# SID
This contains the Social Incentive Delay task based on the paradigm published in Ait Oumeziane et al., 2017: "'Why don't they 'like' me more?': Comparing the time course of social and monetary reward processing." Versions written in both MATLAB and Python.

This task was designed for measurement of neural response to social reward in the form of a social media "like", or a thumbs-up stimulus. On each trial, subjects will first be presented a cue indicating the trial type: (1) a blue circle with the letter “F”, reminiscent of the Facebook logo, indicating possible social evaluation (incentive trials; N = 50), or (2) an empty circle indicating no contingency (neutral trials; N = 20). When the target appears, the subject must respond as fast as they can with a button or keyboard press. Subjects should be told that the experimenter will be monitoring their responses outside of the experimental booth and providing live feedback. On incentive trials, successful responses result in a thumbs-up indicating a positive social evaluation, while unsuccessful responses result in a neutral stimulus (an equal sign '='). Neutral trials will result in no social evaluations, and subjects will be presented with the neutral stimulus ('=') during the feedback period, regardless of performance. To emphasize the social component, subjects will be told to treat positive feedback from the experimenter as they would a social media like; thus, the researcher “liked” their performance. To reduce correlation of neural response between anticipation and feedback, there is a variable intertrial interval as well as a variable pre-response anticipation phase.

The task runs continuously for 75 trials, and takes approximately 10 minutes.
